docs(readme): command explination (#434)
google-github-actions/release-please-action: README.md

| `repo-url` | configure github repository URL. Default `process.env.GITHUB_REPOSITORY` |
| `github-graphql-url` | configure github GraphQL URL. Default `https://api.github.com` |

### The `command` property
> Some additional info regarding the `command` property.

> - `github-release` command creates github release notes (as mentioned [here](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases)), that includes the tag versions and the commits for those tags as release notes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `github-release`: creates GitHub releases (as mentioned [here](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases)) based on the most recently merged release PR and the release strategy being used.```

> - `release-pr` uses conventional commits to create a git tag, and opens a [pull request](#how-release-please-works). Once the pull request is merged, this property will push the tags to the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `release-pr`: uses Conventional Commits to propose a candidate release [pull request](#how-release-please-works). This pull request, once merged, is used by `github-release`/`manifest````

| `repo-url` | configure github repository URL. Default `process.env.GITHUB_REPOSITORY` |
| `github-graphql-url` | configure github GraphQL URL. Default `https://api.github.com` |

#### Configeration definitions

> ##### `Command` definition

Reviewer: I suggest making this heading:

```
### The `command` property
```

> Some additional info regardng the `command` property.

> - `github-release` command creates github release notes (as mentioned [here](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases)), that incluids the tag versons and the commits for those tags as release notes. 

Reviewer 2: There're a couple of typos: **incluids** and **versons**.

```suggestion
- `github-release` command creates github release notes (as mentioned [here](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases)), that includes the tag versions and the commits for those tags as release notes. 
```

Author: aah. Nice spot.
My apologies, thank you for the feedback.
Updates applied.
